[Music]
when this teacher pinched that girl's
cheek
she immediately had bad luck on the way
home her bicycle hit a rock
this caused the teacher to immediately
fall into the ditch the reason the
teacher had bad luck all came from this
little girl
she also looked like other little girls
however as soon as she was born she was
cursed
if someone touched her that person would
have bad luck because her mother touched
her head
she died on the spot her father didn't
even know his daughter
had such a terrifying power he carried
ari to her grandmother's house
as a result he died on the way and her
grandmother also accidentally touched
her head
so she also died soon after from then on
she was adopted by a monk in the temple
day by day she lived in obsession
because of her the people around her had
to die
as time passed she also reached the age
to go to school
when ari first went to school her
classmates all thought she was a strange
child
although it was sunny she still wore
that yellow raincoat while the other
kids were playing with each other
ari just played alone she even brought a
lizard with her
one day ari's classmate was very curious
to ask her
why does it not rain but you still wear
a raincoat ari said she was an alien
and anyone who touched her would be
unlucky but her classmates didn't
believe it
even the teacher didn't believe ari
after that the teacher stepped up and
pinched ari's cheek
unexpectedly the curse immediately took
effect on the way home
the teacher rode her bike straight into
the ditch this incident quickly spread
throughout the school
since then ari's classmates had all
believed her when she just appeared
everyone was immediately afraid to stay
away from her however
only this boy named jo kong wasn't
afraid the boy later became a good
friend of ari
the two of them went to school and
talked together until one day on the way
home
ari's pet lizard suddenly jumped into
the mud and disappeared
seeing that jo kong immediately helped
ari catch the lizard
jo kong immediately jumped into the
field and he tried to find until it
started to rain
however he still hadn't found the lizard
both of them felt very disappointed and
sat under the awning to shelter from the
rain
for the first time ari took off her
yellow raincoat and put it on jo
kong's feet they sat next to each other
until the rain stopped
as a result the next day jo kong was
seriously ill
ari was so regretful she decided to
leave the school
since then jo kong hadn't seen her again
not long after
jo kong's family also moved into the
city many years later
jo kong had grown up however he still
remembered ari from all those years ago
therefore on the summer vacation he
immediately went back to his old house
to visit her
fortunately he finally met ari ari loved
reading
so jo kong read books with her when
hearing that ari liked to drink apricot
wine
he quietly stole apricot wine for her to
drink when hearing ari said that she
liked to eat sushi
he immediately asked his father to make
a full box of sushi all night
and gave ari as a surprise gift this was
the first time ari met someone who
treated her well
because of that she fell in love with jo
kong she couldn't control her emotions
and then kissed jo
kong but unexpectedly her curse once
again harmed the one she loved
the next day jo kong immediately had bad
luck ari was really pitiful
because of the curse everyone who came
into contact with her had bad luck
when she was a child her relatives died
and turned just because of touching her
and after growing up she also fell in
love with a boy
but just because she couldn't control
her heart she kissed him
the next day he was immediately
seriously ill and had to be hospitalized
for possessing this terrifying power ari
could only be single for her life
to protect the one she loved she decided
to leave
time went by so fast five years had
passed when meeting ari again
jo kong was completely ecstatic he
hadn't seen her for a long time
this time he definitely wouldn't let her
leave jo kong immediately took off his
shoelaces
he then tied ari's legs to the chair he
just felt safe when doing so
that night they went out to eat and
talked happily however ari knew that she
was unable to love jo
kong this time ari came to say goodbye
to jo kong
she said she would go abroad hearing
that jo kong was so heartbroken that he
wanted to keep ari but ari was still
determined to leave
finally ari still left but jo kong was
completely unaware of the secret behind
ari's curse
actually she had an illness when she was
a child
her family got into a car accident on
the way ari's parents died on the spot
and she was lucky to survive but in the
process of saving her
the doctor didn't carefully transfuse
the blood of an hiv-infected person to
her
thus the poor girl was infected with the
disease of the century
ari didn't know what the disease was
like at first until she found out for
herself and knew everything
since then she had always worn a yellow
raincoat and when meeting everyone she
said she was cursed and didn't let
anyone touch her
this secret had been hidden for more
than 10 years and no one knew
until one day jo kong went to the
hospital to visit a friend
and accidentally saw ari he hurriedly
chased after her but she disappeared
after that jo kong was extremely
suspicious he knew that only the monk
could answer his questions
so jo kong poured gasoline on himself
and threatened the monk
seeing that there was no way this monk
had to tell the truth
it turned out that ari didn't say
anything and left quietly for treatment
and her current health condition was
becoming more and more serious
maybe she didn't have much longer to
live after knowing ari's address
jo kong rushed to find her when seeing
jo kong ari wasn't surprised at all
ari said she was an alien and was
waiting for a spaceship to pick her up
that way she would be able to return to
her planet and she hoped that when she
was gone
jo kong would be able to smile and say
goodbye to her hearing that
jo kong just kept quiet and didn't say
anything after that
they talked happily as before suddenly
ari's illness got worse
jo kong quickly took ari to the hospital
that night jo kong stood in the rain all
night
he didn't know what to do to save ari
then he thought of ari saying that if
someone had taken a picture of a
mysterious circle
that person could call an alien
spaceship and this was probably ari's
last hope
in order to make that drawing jo kong
started cutting the grass continuously
after several days of hard work the
mysterious photo had finally been
completed
after knowing about it ari ignored the
doctor's advice and immediately ran out
of the hospital
at this time ari leaned on jo kong's
strong shoulder
they quietly sat next to each other
within that circle and together waited
for the miracle to appear
although they waited for a long time the
miracle still didn't appear
finally both of them were very
heartbroken and burst into tears
but when they were most desperate
suddenly the lights around the magic
circle started flickering
and there was a halo appearing in the
sky maybe the spaceship had arrived and
ari was about to leave
she burst into tears and said her last
goodbye to jo kong
she then disappeared along with the
spaceship many years later
jo kong opened a sushi restaurant in his
hometown he was still silently waiting
for the girl he loved to appear
everyone said ari was dead but jo kong
was still hoping that she had returned
to her planet
on a planet where she wouldn't have to
suffer anymore perhaps this was a rescue
for ari
and that also seemed to be the best
ending for jo kong